good
debuting in a modest history of 11
pages in August 1962 in the Amazon
fantasy number 15 spider-man is
became an immediate success and soon
he earned his own title in a comic
it is still published half a century later
the spiderman without doubts is one of the
biggest marvel stars that's not
it is debatable will it be for being so young by
his sense of humor for being of the
first with film to match or by
have reliable girlfriends I do not know what
Yes I know there are 10 facts that I will tell you
continuation
Peter Parker was the second spider-man
in debuting with marvel the first time
it was with the strange title where you will be
when the spiders attack in this
cartoon a common spider was exposed
to the radioactive rays then it started to
develop the intelligence of a being
human and grow to huge proportions
able to talk and even shoot this
species of spider man was exterminated
at the end of the story
Peter Parker is a fan of the Mets
friendly weaver loves the mets for
identify with them on their own
words the mets are a handful of
adorable losers who made a
Casual home run by accident plus no
just because of this is big fan peter loves
to the mets because he was raised so go to
Shea Stadium was an annual tradition with
his beloved young uncle that Peter continues
after the death of this one
who is moral thousands at the beginning of
millennium marvel created the editorial line
ultimate where they counted the
stories of his heroes with a focus
more current
among them ultimate spider-man
from Peter Parker was transformed into the
arachnid hero of that universe makes a
couple of years the character died his death
was narrated in two mini series here is
where it appears in one scene moral miles
totally new character that is
transformed into the new spider man
morals is a young black man with origins
Latinos who won their powers as
did parker through one of the
same radioactive spiders from
then this editorial is the only one
has not been canceled from the ultimate line
just like him classic spider-man thousands
Maintains humor and personality
friendly also possesses some powers
added to the peter parker classics
at the moment this character is not
close to being in the cinemas leaked
some documents between mabel and zombie
to maintain the race and preferences of
Peter Parker as a white person and
Heterosexual
the next day stanley offered his
point of view I do not care if Peter
parker would have been originally black
Indian Latino or anything else that
it stayed that way but we made it white
I do not see any reason to change that
I certainly believe that the world has
place for gay superheroes but again
I do not find any reason to change
the sexual preferences of a
character once already
established I have no problem in creating
new homosexual superheroes and
really the guru of the cameos has
The whole reason is because you support
gays are not going to become one
now let's continue if your parents were not
so common
richard and mary parker had been spies
for the government of the us
years later in a story
retrospective showed that parents of
spider-man had saved his life
an agent known as agent in time
then it is revealed that agent is not another
that logan wolverine and more surprising
Mary Parker saved the life of the mutant
while he had just a few weeks of
pregnancy of his future son Peter so without
that none knew that was the
first time they were close
peter's middle name is ben peter
parker is one of the few heroes who
have a personal life well scrutinize
gives an indication of this is to have a
second name the second name of
peter benjamin was conceived as a
homage to his uncle ben parker a number
which shows Peter presenting his
birth certificate in the building
federal of manhattan in order to
get a passport but this little one
apparently it was just to leave
of step since other writers and up
the same stanley would seem to make
mind that does not exist
Peter is not as loser as you think
when stan reads and steve ditko what
presented to the world in 1962
Peter was a complete loser then the
teenager becoming a spider-man
his confidence and his popularity gave a
significant jump in the seventh
edition of his own series the amazing
spider-man piter had his first girlfriend
that she was a young and charming
Secretary of the Daily Bugle Betty Brant
after eight years he put an end to
bullying hitting the bastard flash
in front of your entire class right there
I stop using the lenses and when peter
she graduated from high school the most girl
popular school reads salem confessed
have had a crush on him but there
The conquests do not end
Peter would spend most of his years
in college having something
complicated with the beautiful blonde gwen
stacy and mary jane the fiery redhead
the web only takes about one
time that web has nothing to do with
its arachnid powers instead
Peter used his scientific knowledge
to develop its own web and a
pitcher to achieve those enviable
swing for new york and also
kick butts but these are proambiente
Stanley explained to readers that the
artificial cobweb only lasts around
one hour before it evaporates in
the air this concept is explained in the
first the amazing spider-man of 1964 and
it expanded to many other stories more
late
Aunt May was like most of the
Cute girls who die for the kids
bad and was married to a mobster
Peter discovered that his beloved aunt may
he had his own mysterious past as
May young woman had an affair with a
gangster named johnny geromel in this
story aunt may young when discovering
Johnny's dark secret leaves him for
ben parker yes I know this seems
too much for a spiderman comics
fortunately no writer has
deepened on this topic I do not want
know about the burning adventures of the
aunt may or yes
spider-man joined the saturday cast
night live
when spider-man needed your help
to stop the nefarious silver samurai
what a tumult to bbc studies
the writer chris claremont and the artist
boc hong launched the approved edition by
the mbc that had the cast of sn l
to help spider-man go so far
like to pass for avengers
to fool the enemy of spider this
no doubt it is very curious and even
puzzling for some as well as
for many a dream come true see
to stanley present that nl in the
marvel universe
on one occasion the wall climbing stopped
an extraterrestrial to deceive a whole
generation to have sex
without protection titled the amazing
spider-man versus the prodigy is something of
the strangest thing in a science plot
fiction the story had an evil
extraterrestrial called prodigy that
deliberately misinformed the
repercussions of the sexual activity of
the young the extraterrestrial filled with
information to unsuspecting young people by
example telling them they could not stay
pregnant
of 15 years old or in his first
sexual experience the goal of the evil
prodigal inspire young people to have
children so he could put the children
to work for him being extraterrestrial
he came up with a complicated plan would be
easier to just kidnap them for that
spider-man approached and explained that the
evil extraterrestrial was a pervert
I'm hackers and until next time
ah